>> Scott Moss: So
if you run the Yarn dev command,
you're probably gonna get an error.
It's asking you to put some type of token.
That's because we're gonna be using
the GitHub API in this course.
So you need to supply
the repo with a GitHub token.
If you look at the .env-sample file.
>> Scott Moss: You'll see this right here,
it says GITHUB_TOKEN,
add-your-github-token-here.
So you can just copy this.
>> Scott Moss: And
add this to another file called .env.
I'm not gonna click on it
because my token is in there.
Make another file called .env and paste
the contents of .env-sample in there.
That's the first step.
The second step is to actually
go to GitHub, go into settings,
Developer settings.
Create a new token with public repo
access and paste that token in there, and
then that's it.
So I'm just gonna walk through
GitHub how you would do that.
So if you go to GitHub,
>> Scott Moss: You
click on your Profile here.
You click on Settings.
You click on Developer Settings, and
you click on Personal Access Tokens,
and then you just click
on Generate New Token.
Once you click on that, give it a name,
you can call it whatever you want.
[COUGH] And the only one you need
to check is public_repo, that's it.
You don't need to check anything else.
In fact, I wouldn't check anything else,
it's not safe.
And again, add that to your .env file,
with the same syntax here,
GITHUB_TOKEN equals that token.
And don't worry,
that .env file is not checked in the Git,
which is why you probably don't have one,
so you gotta make it.